In this lesson, I introduced you to
messaging and queuing services like
the simple notification service and a simple queue service.
You learned that notifications can be sent via email or
text messaging using a publish/subscribe model.
You also learned that queues are typically used for system to system messaging.
Next, you were introduced to containers,
and learned that containers work well with a microservices architecture.
Because each microservice is its own independent component that can be containerized.
Remember, the elastic container service, ECS,
is an orchestration service that helps you efficiently manage Docker containers.
Next, I will teach you about tools to help you manage your AWS account.